these days
in the modern times
we are faced with confusions
that's the sign of modern times
at the same time
the aama's urge to search the truth
is manifesting it's not only one
individual who feels like that
it's not only eight or ten people who
feel like that
but masses and masses and multitudes
are feeling you have to search and
answer
you have to find out why are you here
you have to know
who you are you have to find out your
wholeness
you have to find out the whole
there is a big
movement
in a very subtle way that is moving
masses towards
this search
but we have no idea perhaps
as to what is the atmosphere
in which we are born what is the
situation
how the whole stage is laid we have no
idea
as we have taken ourselves as granted
as human beings we take everything for
granted
we are born human beings through our
evolution
we do not even want to think why we were
evolved from amiba to this stage
all the wise we just shut down whatever
is there we want to see
through these eyes through these ears
through these
sensory organs we want to understand
but still the urge is there to know what
is beyond
the atmosphere in which we are born
cannot be understood
without having the light to see why
there is darkness
and darkness of such immensity which
never pervaded this earth
it was never so much before never never
before
than it is today that's why the
confusion comes in
and it has an action has a reaction in
the same way
the more is the urge the more is the
confusion the more
is the darkness now this darkness around
us
is not only of ignorance as it used to
be
in the vedas or in the scriptures
anywhere
it is written that you have to enlighten
yourself you have to have the light
today is a very important day
in our lives as sahaja yogis
this is the day when sahastrara was
opened out
which was a clearly a very
charismatic thing that happened
i never expected that in my lifetime i
will be able to work it out
it has been and so many of you have got
your sahasrara opened
without that you could never have known
what is the truth
you were all lost as everybody is
first of all sahastrara is the only way
we can perceive understand
and know the reality
you have come to know
as to what is the reality
and you are enjoying that state
where you know
what is the reality
it's a great blessing that
sahasrara was opened out
and all of you got your realization
otherwise all talks are just talks
has no meaning has no understanding
and that's why my first anxiety was to
open
sastra that worked out
worked out well and all of you have got
yourself opened it's a remarkable thing
nobody can believe that so many of you
have got
yourself open but i can see
now clearly the light on top of your
heads
whatever you have achieved is remarkable
no doubt
it is because of honest searching
honest search that you have got it
my doing is nothing because you are just
there
like a lamp and i just enlightened it
that's all it's not such a big thing to
do
as you people have achieved
your state state of enlightenment
that you got it because
you were hankering after it
working it out and you did it it's very
creditable
credit doesn't go to me i think because
i had a open sahasrara
but to achieve that in you people
was so joy-giving for me
now you will understand
because if sahasrara is not open you
can't talk people
you can't say anything to them it's just
they don't understand
with the sahasrara open your
understanding
improves so much that is what has
happened
with all of you and i'm so very happy
that it's so many people there are
sitting here
who have got their sahasraras open and
there are many who have not come
so it's a big achievement
for human beings to get it so much
collectively
sahasrara open
by which you know the truth
absolute truth whatever you know
after your realization is the absolute
truth
you don't argue then don't question
you just know it and you accept it
as a knowledge it's such a nice thing
that it was all there but it was not
open
when it opened out how people have
understood me
and also the laws of the divine
it's such a blessing of the divine
that you have got your sahasrara opened
out
for which you may say we didn't do
anything other
is not so your search for truth
was intense and definite
you wanted to know the truth that's why
it has worked out
otherwise no amount of money no amount
of effort
nothing would have helped so sarah had
to open by itself
it's all your building up
i should say is all you're done
doing to yourself
that has brought forth such a beautiful
happening
i do not take any credit for that
at all definitely
i must say that i have made you
understand
that it's important that your sahasrara
should be opened
no more arguments no more suggestions
nothing but have your own saratara open
which tells you what is the truth
in these beautiful circumstances
what could your mother say i can only
say that continue to live
a life of reality of understanding
in everything you will find there is
truth
and how do we use that truth
is our own achievement
people are lost
because they have no knowledge
knowledge from the books is no knowledge
their knowledge must come from within
from within themselves
and that has happened because of
sahasrara opening
in all the countries it has happened
and it will be in the whole world so
many people will get realization
but only thing i feel that you people
should have
no emotional attachment to it
not emotional but realistic attachment
that it is there it has happened
it's working out then you will be able
to give realizations to other you will
understand the importance of realization
unless and until you use it you won't
know what is the power
of realization is so
you must learn how to use this power
which is within you which has started
working out
and which will give you such an immense
capacity
my health is little bit gone down after
all i'm very old
but still i don't feel tired
in any way while addressing you i feel
so enamored that there are so many
sahaja yogis
so many whose sahasrara is open and they
are enjoying their sahasrara
actually i would have liked you to ask
me questions
but you can write questions and send me
written ones then i'll try to answer
them sometime
will be a much better idea
so thank you very much may god bless you
grow in to search grow into your being
may god bless you all my blessings